Hey guys everything OK.
In today's lesson we began the first step towards internationalization of her theme.
Let's learn a bit about the get tax functions and translate all the terms we find in our theme.
Well first things first we have to start by adding a kind of translation support in our film to do this
as a part of the functions file and within the function we created at the beginning of the course in
which we are typing all of the functions and commands related to the film configuration.
Let's add a few more lines.
You want to create a variable and call it text domain and it will get as a value the name of her theme
in lowercase.
Now let's include a function called Load thing that's domain.
This function is used to ensure that future translation files created by translators by our collaborators
or by the site's owner are uploaded in the correct way.
It requires two parameters.
The first is text domain which in our case would be this variable we just created.
And the second parameter is the directory path register installation files will stay.
So let's call the function here.
Best first parameter
and for the second parameter we're going to use the guess template directory function concatenated with
this train.
For slash languages slash this get a pair for a folder called languages which of course we have not
yet created.
So let's create this folder now
OK this ensures that whenever there's a translation file We're will try to look for it inside this directory
that we just created.
But we also have to worry about child themes child theme is a subject I didn't work on this course at
least not here but it's highly important the idea of him can handle them too.
To do this just duplicate this line here.
And change this word same plate by style sheet.
Except that this line regarding the child thing has to be placed before the line related to the burying
theme.
OK.
So let's just change the order here.
Pretty simple and I think we need to do is add a couple more items to our style that says file remember
this is our main source of file and it's used oh so you didn't find the theme within the Wordpress dashboard.
Let's add another line here called Text domain
and tied to our text domain here.
And as we were adding this file.
Let's take this opportunity to add another important tags.
License and license you high.
You can be sure we have all the requires tags.
If one day we decide to upload this thing to the Wordpress repository.
OK.
Excellent.
Now what they have for now is an environment that is almost ready for future translations.
We defined a text domain for our thing and also created the directories where in the future the translation
files will be placed very well.
So now we can finally talk about the translation functions that we mentioned already in the last lesson.
These functions are all over the world press code.
For example let's open the 2016 thing.
Let's choose any file.
For example this one before or for those BHB notice for example that we have here two areas with messages
in English here and here too.
But it's surrounded by a function that goes almost unnoticed code on the court.
So people don't even realize it's a function.
We have another example inside this fien function file.
For example here in the function that register the menus.
Notice that we have here two English texts all menu names.
And these trains are X-band even more discrete function called Debu underscores.
That's right.
This is a function.
And for now on we will be addressing this two functions the underscore and the double underscores.
If you look carefully the two functions have a very similar syntax.
They basically require one the string to be translated into the same text domain.
The fundamental difference between the two is that the first one underscore is used to wrap some HDMI
code as you see here in the form of all speech we file here for example.
The string is inside an H1 heading tag.
And here within a paragraph double underscores are used to wrap pure ph code in the example of the functions
file.
These strings are arguments to an array so plain PKP code no HVM else.
There are several other functions like this too.
And they are used by WordPress as well.
But unfortunately it will not be possible to approach all of them here in the course.
This to your right to be useful for most cases at least here in our theme Well you understand the long
task that is ahead of us then too.
Yes you have to look for strings that can be translated into another language all over him.
That's right all over ofin.
Fortunately despite the amount of files we already have in Arfin these files are not that big.
So we can easily find the snippets of code that we should change I'm going to start just by these two
files for all for the pitch B and functions that pitch be two files that we also have in our three hour
show you in detail the first changes I made to this two files and the rest of the files.
You'll see me changing but at faster speed.
OK.
The idea is to show you the process itself as it is a very repetitive process.
It is not worth it to span the whole US and explain it the same thing.
So lets start off with the fall for the pitch file.
The first thing that we can wrap it into a translation function is this one that is inside the H-1 having
tag to do this.
I'm going to cut this text here.
Open the PSP tag here and I'm going to use the underscore function the first parameter repasts is the
translatable string.
So let's put back the text that we just got.
And the second parameter is are things Stex domain which should always be learned.
WP So this string here is now ready to be translated into any language in the future.
OK let's do the same thing now for the paragraph just below.
But before a very important tip never include Jamail tags inside the string.
OK.
The translator doesn't always know what these tags mean.
If you leave and are called Inside the string you run the risk of having these H.M.S. attacks are removed
or ignored or even worse.
They can be modified by the translator was just not good.
Let's go on.
And we have another text here.
And this last text is no longer a shemale but something that is inside of the code.
In this case do not use the underscore function but this time the double underscore function.
So this way
OK we don't have anything else here in this file save it and it's already translatable file.
Let's do the same thing now for the functions file and for the other files to speed up the video OK.
I believe that you will not have any problems to understand since you see the same thing being repeated
many times.
It's the very same process we've just seen on the or for that speech peafowl.
So without further ado let's get started.
And finally we get to the last file.
It was a bit hard work but our whole thing is now fully translatable.
One tip I can give you is the following.
Try to make your thing translatable since the beginning OK.
Try to translate all the shrinks.
Little by little do it slowly as you create each file.
I mean never leave translations to the end as I did here.
I just left everything to the end for learning purposes but you don't have to do it like I did.
OK.
So what's the next step now.
Well now that our theme is translatable let's create our translation template file that will serve as
a basis for other people to translate your film but that will be for the next lesson and then piece.